---
layout: post
cid: 133
title: 雅思英语写作练习
slug: 133
date: 2019-10-03T08:52:24+00:00
status: publish
author: Ethan
categories:
  - 收藏
tags:
  - 写作
  - 雅思
abbrlink: 1c460956
---


> 雅思复习过程中（大/小）作文练习


<!--more-->


### Rural-to-urban Shift
- 2019.10.3
- Many people are moving from rural areas to big cities. Why has this happened? To what extent do you think it is a good trend?  

These days many people choice to migrate to big cities from rural areas. They may believe that they can find a more satisfied employment and enjoy a better quality of  life in urban areas. However, this trend can lead to a lot of problems.  
There are two main reasons why people tend to move to cities. First, cities own dense population and there are more working chances available in cities, so people can make more money.  This also means that they can imporve their life standards and afford more consumer goods ever before. In comparsion, in rural areas, there are less employment opportunities since many industries are lack of development and many dwellers' buy power is limited. Another reason is that urban residents are more accessible to public services, such as education and healthcare, and enjoy better standards of living. Young couples intend to bring their children to cities to accept better educations, so as to get rid of poverty.  
However, the increasing number of population in cities many put great pressure on cities' infrastructures and lead to serious housing problem. The lands in some cities are limited, so difficult to absorb in too many people. For example, many migrants live in slums and have to endure poor living conditions because they cannot afford a house in cities. Moreover, people are prone to sickeness because of the undevelopment of urban infrastructures. People cannot use enough clean water and household garbages as well as waste water are fail to be disposed.  
Another main question associated with rural-to-urban shift is the increasing gap between urban and rural incomes. Ambitious, energetic, industrial and creative people tend to move to cities in serarch of educational and employment opportunities, causing the lack of working force in rural areas and it becoming more difficult to develop rural economics. Moreover, some young people will commit crimes because of increasing gap between rich and poor in cities.  
In conclusion, poor employment prospects and undeveloped economics in rural areas lead to people moving to cities. I claim that this is a worrying trend.

### Low-cost Air Travel
- 2019.10.7

Cheap air travel enable us to travel acorss border with low expenditure. In my view, cheap air service can benefit ordinary people, although unnecessary travels are not suggested.
People are able to go to different countries by air flights, increasing (enriching) their knowledge of these countries and acquiring more employment opportunities.  For example, some people who has gone to other countries may find better jobs and earn more money (earn higher salaries). Some small business owners, for another instance, may find (discover) some business opportunities during traveling (their trips), and they can get more money (earn profits) by importing or exporting products. However, the high-cost air flight would make them lose (miss) these opportunies.
On the other hand, many individuals argue that raising the price of air travel can reduce the environmental effects (impact) of air flight. High-cost price of air ticket will make people give up their travel plans. As results, the greenhouse gases generated (produced) by planes can seriouly reduce (decrease).  Moreover, other air related issues, such as noise pollution and environmental demages for building airports or related infrastructures, can be greatly improved (mitigated).
In my personal point, I don't think it is necessary to raise the price of air tickets, since ordinary people can have opportunies to travel to some beautiful spots for relaxation. Many people, especially those who live in big cities, are busy in their works and widely under great pleasure. With low-cost air travel, they can go to somewhere distant on holidays. For example, many Chinese travellers are likely to go to some tropical countries and take a taste on local foods, instead of staying at home.  
In conclusion,  my argument is that restriction on air flights is not rational, since air travel with low-cost price is benefical to most ordinary people. What's more, air companies may take some measures to reduce the environmental pressure by technology innovation.

### Law and Sociaty
- 2019.10.9

Law refer to the rules implied on people in society. Although legislation is of great importance to (play a important role in) rule people's behaviors, I think it limits the freedom of individuals.
If social individuals do not obey laws, the society would lost its principles and economics would be difficult to develop. For example, people disobey traffic rules, resulting in soaring traffic events and further traffic jam. Moreover, if the people who sell fake medications are not been hardly punished, customs would not dare to buy anything and the economic development would be hindered accordingly.
There would be a serious lack of respect and trust between people if they do not follow ethical principles and social behaviors. Since people sometimes would do somethings which harm others driving by their benefits. For instance, if people always betray their friends, they would not have any cooperations, resulting the lack of social cohesion. What's more, assuming that more and more people tend to be dishonest, they would feel difficult to do bussiness together and frequent controveries between them also would pose a threat to productivity and creativity.
Sometimes, however (on the other hand), laws or rules will limit people's freedom inevitably, even hindering the social development. For example, if the country make varieties of rules on commerce, the commercial behaviors would be difficult to be active. Moreover, assuming that people with high incomes have to (are subject to) <del>commit high taxes</del> high tax rates, they may have no ambitions (motivation) to make effort to eran more money (increase their income).  In this issue, governments should give <del>off</del> up (relax) some limitations properly and encouage creativity to benefit social development.
In my view,  the standpoint that without laws or rules the socity would be diffcult to function (operate) well is rational. Although laws do not allow people to do whatever they want,  the main target (purpose) of legislation is to create a harmonious sociaty which we both accept.  

### Distance Education
- 2019.10.16
- Nowadays, distance-learning programs are commonplace, but some people argue that they are not as good as those attending in a college or university in person. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

The coming (advent) of Internet has changed the ways people live their lives or work. A growing number of people are now looking forward to (considering) distance education, which allows them to complete a degree at home. Although distance-learning is different from traditional education of college or university, distance-learning has some advantages in some situations (aspects).
Compared with traditional education, distance-learning is more flexible and easily access people to accept a education by this way. The students can read related meterials and have a lesson by watching vedios. When they have any questions, they could suspend that vedio or replay other vedios until they fully understand the puzzling issues. This distanced courses are opened for students every time of every day. Therefore, it is a very desired way for the completely busy individuals to abtain knowledge.
The development of distance education also creates great opportunities for students to ask questions to distanced teachers. Students can ack questions by communicating tools in virtual courses and emailing to their teachers.  As a result, they can easily obtain the guidances of the teachers and finish their courses in a better way. Even distance education allows them to communicate with scholars of famous colleges, who actually live in different countries.
However, a significant downside of distance education is that the students' communicating skill is difficult to enhance, since this education generally has no group works. The students fininsh their homeworks by themselves and are unable to meet other students. As a result, they have no chance to expend their relationships and their vocational prospect would be potentially impacted.
In my view, distance education provides more and more individuals with great accessibility to the college education because of its flexibility. However, downsides, such as lack of communications, also exist. Therefore, it can't achieve equal effects like traditional college education.  

### Government Tax
- 2019.10.24
- Some people believe that they should be able to keep all the money they earn and should no pay any tax to the state. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Many people may complain that tax is a heavy burden to them because tax decreases their incomes. I claim that paying tax to the state is greatly necessary. If we pay no tax, the society we depend will be difficult to run.
With taxes, governments can fund variety of public service projects, such as road facilities, educational services and public healthcare. Firstly if we don't have a good public transportation system, people commuting will be diffcult and traffic jams seriously influence people's working efficience. Secondly public schools provide children with opportunities to access to education and acquire knowledge, which benefits the development of economy.  However, the above pulice service projects generally are not funded by private companies because these projects always have low profits. Moreover, we could also realise that the government can redivide the social fortunes by tax. For instance, in many countries, high-income individuals always pay higher taxes than low-income, people who even be supplied by governments.
Governments can also behave people's behaviors by taxes. For example, some people may feel difficult to give up bad habits such as drinking and smoking.  However, governments levying heavy taxes on cigarettes and alcohols enable people to decrease the consumption of these items. Therefore, people have to gradually give up these habits. People tend to be less ill and the public healthcare seems to under less pressures.
However, heavy tax can limits the development of the economy. If the government always leavy heavy tax on people, they will be under great burdens for making livings and have no time and passion to achieve their dreams. As a result, the society might face the danger of declination.
I am convinced that the tax always has great priority of the development of our society and economy, although heavy tax poses negative impacts to some extent.

### Volunteer Works
- 2019.11.5

Volunteer work has been extensively promoted by many schools, and even in some schools, it become a definate requirement for graduation. On my personal sense, although volunteer work has some negative impact, it can exert postive influence on volunteers as well as the whole society.
On one side, by taking part in volunteer work, young students can develop some postive qualities. To be more specific, young individuals may be confronted with varieties of problems and challenges, which are rare at school, when they are involved in these voluntary services. For example, when rasing funds for charities, they need to learn how to communicate with benefactors, organise an acitivity and cooperate with all kinds of folks. As a result, these activites can directly boost their confidence and improve their abilities of solving problems. 
On another, young people can also/meanwhile improve their sense of responsibility and find enjoyment in serving the community. In other words, only if they realize that their volunteer works can greatly be fovorable for other members in society, they would recognize the sense of community. For example, helping disadvantaged students to receive a good education is a kind of social responsibilities, in which voluntary students would be fulfilled with achievement since their volunteer works can make a fair and happy society. Consequently, it help create a close-knit community. 
However, we shouldn't ignore the fact that voluntary services may waste lots of volunteers' times and energies, if not well-organized. This kind of volunteer work is tedious and strenuous, instead of funny and significannt. Consequently, they would be not willing to devote their times and energies to voluntary services because they can't realize the value of what they do. Moreover, students might argue that volunteer work is hard and time consuming, and interferes their studies. 
Overall, in my eyes, it is important for students to take part in volunteer work for their improvement of abilities and their employment prospects. However, schools should ensure that volunteer work suit students' needs.


### Prison Term
- 2019.11.6

Imposing sentences is considered as a way to punish those who commit serious crimes and sometimes as a correctional method. Although this method may be effective to some extent, other approaches are suggested to reform offenders.  
Supporters with stiff sentences maintain that serious punishment exert deterrent impact (震慑力) on potiential criminals or habitual offenders. Imposing sentences means those who violate laws will lose freedom, a result that no rational person is willing to take. The criminal record can also negatively influence their lives including their career. Consequently, they will not commit crimes because they fear of the long prison term.  
Although prison term sometimes help us fight crime, we can consider community service (service不可数) as an alternative. By taking part in community service, many offenders, especially who commit minor crimes, have chance to become law-abiding citizens (守法的市民). In contrast, if they are sentenced to prison, they might reoffend (重蹈覆辙) after being released, which can pose a threat to other members of society.  
Meanwhile we can provide educational opportunities and vocational training for them, improving their interpersonal skills and job skills. It is worth noting that many young offenders or first-time criminals break the law because of their lack of social experience (experience不可数) or their low socio-economic status. However, if they able to find a job or understand legal responsibilities, crime is no longer an option. In contrast, prison term isolates offenders from society, and preventing them from acquiring employability.  
Overall, my view is that a longer prison term can deter crime, but it is not the best approach. Through other correctional programs like community service, we can build a happy and stable society.  

### Living Away From Parents
- 2019.11.8

Many university students today have either chosen university accommondation or shared a flat with their friends. I think it is a rite of passage although young individual is difficult to maintain frequent contact with their parents.  
Living away from parents means that young individuals are supported to learn how to live an independent life. They have to develop some basic living skills, such as doing houseworks, making financial budgets and getting along with flatmates. With these skills, they can also deal well with problems once they enter the workforce. For instance, those who used to clean their bedrooms are more likely to keep everything organised.  
In addition, college students can enjoy their freedom in social lives and make new friends. Since they needn't to go back home every day, they have time to take part in more activities with their friends, including going to gym, attending lectures, going to the library and even doing a part-time job. Consequently, not only can they improve their social skills, but they have many personal resources to draw upon in the future.  
However, the choice that students living away from home might cause some adverse impact. Because they do not live with parents, young individuals have less and less contacts with parents, resulting vulnerable relationship between them and their parents. Sepecifically, children rarely have meals with their parents and cannot keep up to date with the news about the family. As a result, young individuals may feel helpless when they cannot work out some problems, which affects their attitude towards family.  
Overall, I am convinced that college students living away from home is a good decision, although it may have a damaging effect on their family relationships.  

### Fast Food
- 2019.11.9

People today are more likely to eat at fast food restaurants because of fast life pace and irregular working hours. In my view, fast food has posed negative threat to traditional food in many countries, which should be greatly concerned.  
Fast food has been a kind of severe healthy issues in many countries like America, where the number of overweight individuals has been increasing uncontrolledly. Because fast food, which is served in large protions, is high in sugar, fat, salt and calories. In general, those who suffer from obesity are more likely to contract heart diseases than normal-weight people. This means that governments are suggested to pay much funds in health care, which may influence the development of enconomy.  
Another problem is that fast food can change people's lifestyle including dietary habits. Traditional foods pay more attentions to materials, cooking styles and varieties of taste, suggesting the evolution of cuisine in different countries. However, the majority of fast food restaurants provide American or Eureapon foods, such as humberger, fried chicken an pizza. Consequently, people's diet is increasingly monotonous, which some traditional recipes may vanish.  
Fast food also exert adverse impact on family relationship since family members do not have frequent meals together like before. Family meals provide family members with opportunity to communicate with each other and imporve mutual understanding. If people always eat outside, they cannot keep up to date with family issues and response to emotion needs of other family members. Consequently, people may feel helpless when they involved in troubles but obtain no help from family members.  
Therefore, I am convinced that the popularity of fast food is a kind of serious problems, which should be noticed by contemporary individuals. Fast food is damaging not only to people's health, but also to cooking cultures and social relationships.

### University Education And Success
- 2019.11.11

People always have diverse views about the contributions of theoretical knowledge to their employments. It is reasonable that there are many individuals who succeed in their careers actually do not complete their university education. Howecer, I am convinced that the knowledge we obtained at university is vitally important to a fulfilling career.  
Via theoretical knowledge, people can acquire the concepts and principles of subjects, which allow them to built expertise in their majors. For example, if a psychologist do not master the theories about psychological diseases, he or she can not make effective therapies. It means that the majority of theories are developed based on practical experiments and experiences, therefore they are significant and count much for humans. Besides, those who are familiar with these theories can improve their job prospects and even get a fortun because of the innovations they have advanced.  
Learning knowledge from theories allows people to enhance their problem-solving abilities. For instance, college students can gather information on different subject matters and consequently improve their research skills. Morevoer, theories can extend students' horizons and improve their thinking skills, which encourages them to push forward the boundaries of knowledge. In contrast, those who did not go to university may deal with some ordinary problems by receiving some pratical training, but they would have no ideas when in the face of irregular issues.  
However, we should recognise the fact that theoretical knowledge is not the only key of success. It is interesting to note that many successful folks seem to have some similiar characters. For example, a person who is positive, industrial, active and good at communication generally do better in overcoming all kinds of troubles and cooperating with others to achieve their success. Another important factor may be the social network, by which people can acquire a great variety of information, thoughts and resources. It means that some businesspeople tell them how to maintain a good relationship with governments, but books can not.  
Overall, university education seems to be undervalued and people can work out many problems in more efficient and creative approach. what we should be considered is that people's characters and social relationships are also important factors to achieve success.

### Education Tuition Fees
- 2019.11.16 

Receiving an university education is important to many people, because they can find empolyment easily in the fature. People who support government spending on university education may contend that some students cannot go to a college because they are not able to afford tuition fees. In my view, students are supposed to pay tuition fees themselves, while those from disadvantaged backgrounds can receive financial assistance from the government.  
If higher education is not free of charge, students will feel precious about this educational opportunity and study much hard. In general, students aware that going to a college is costly, and therefore they will try their best to study tesks and pass all exams in order to gain the qualification on time. In contrast, students whose tuition fees paid by the government would take it for granted and may frequently fail exams.  
Moreover, another benefit of self-funding is that it can ease the burden on the government. The government can put more investment into secondary and primary education, which can reduce the number of illiterate folks, and allow elders to go to a college. Also the government can provide postgraduate students with more funds and promote the technological innovation.  
However, the government can bear the cost of education for the disadvantaged students. Young students are encouraged to go to a college to acquire knowledge and improve sociable skills, which can boost their career prospects. Moreover, this can close the gap between haves and have-nots and help build a fair society. In contrast, if these students give up their university education just because of higher tuition fees, they would be difficult to discovery their potential abilities.  
Overall, the government should provide students with financial support according to their needs and backgrounds to ensure that they have fair access to university education. 

### Children's Advertisements
- 2019.11.17 

Nowadays most of children are exposed to a variety of commercial advertisements, which encourage them to buy snacks, toys and computer games. My view is that advertisements aimed at kids should be seriously limited or even banned.  
If children's advertisements are not widely allowed, kids would not ask their parents to buy some kinds of things with less value. Many children actually are not sensitive to prices while parents are more likely to meet their needs. For example, many children prefer to expensive toys and girls like to buy fashionable clothes. These behaviours can bring a heavier burden on disadvantaged families. However, this issue could be avoided if kids have less access to advertisements.  
Also advertisements are responsible for many behaviours problems and lifestyle issues among children. Kids prefer to fast food since they are always attracted by snack advertisements. Moreover, many kids become easy to get angry because they play violent computer games which promoted by advertising firms. These issues can pose a negative impact on children's health.  
There are, without any doubts, some advertisements which can benefit kids. For instance, some advertisements encourage nourishing foods, such as milk and vegetable foods. Other advertisements promote books, computer games and toys of educational value. As a result, parents can purchase some valuable products even though they are not familiar with those products.  
Overall, I contend that advertisements aimed at children, especially those which are harmful to kids, should be not allowed. However, the government can encourage some educational advertisements.

### Import Products
- 2019.11.19

Our world is becoming more and more globalised and the exchange of commodities across the borader is processing at an astounding rate. In my view, this trend can help imporve living standards of customers.  
Customers can be benefited from import products in many aspects. The first one is that the price of these products is competitive. These countries who export products generally reduce the cost of goods by improving technologies to ensure a cheaper price. For example, Chinese textile products, in many other countries, usually have a cheaper price than the local ones because China specialises in textile. Moreover, import products can challenge the dominant status of domestic firms and cause competition, which enforce manufactures to cut price. This can be great beneficial to domestic customers because of decling living costs. It is worth noting that customers have more choices when they go shopping. Import foods, for instance, can mitigate the shortage of foods when they suffer from abnormal climates in some regions.  
However, the downside of import goods is serious and can not be neglected. The country who heavily relies on import goods may suffer from underdevelopment of some industries in home. If customers prefer to buy import comupters, the local manufactures may be bankrupted. This pose a severe threat on domestic self-funded enconomy. Moreover, the air transportation of import goods can cause considerable contamination to the environment.  
Therefore, it is reasonable to think that importing products from other countries has a postive influence on customers. Some local firms may be in danger of bankruptcy, but domestic customers can buy products with much cheaper prices.  

### The Spread of English
- 2019.11.26

English has developed into a global language, which has been used as a vehicle for cross-cultural communication all over the world. For my part, the spread of English can be viewed in a positive light, althought it might have it negative effect.  
The wide use of English broosts the global cooperation, as it can help people overcome the obstcles under the international environment. Folks from different countries can conduct business and discuss how to operate a company and import products, regardless of their native languages. Moreover, English has been identified as the main language by many international conferences and research groups. This means that scholars are able to share knowledge and ideas or even cooperate to complete projects in different areas.  
In addition, the spread of English can help people expand knowledge and broaden horizons. About 80% of world's websits are post in English, so folks who master English can read newspapers, magazines and books on the Internet and keep up to date with our world. They can travel in different parts of the world and deepen their understanding of customs of these places.  
Although the English language has vast contribution to globalisation, sometimes it's considered as the main reason of the reduction of cultural diversity. This idea lies in the fact that increasing young people make an effort to study English instead of their native languages. As the dominant language of international medium, English language has been bringing the lifestyle, sense of value and belief of English countries to the every corner of the world, which might have a negative impact on cultural diversity. For example, many native therapies, recipes, religious practices and ceremonies have been vanishing because of the spread of English language, so our knowledge about the world will be limited if these cultures graduately disappear.  
Overall, English plays an important role in communication and cooperation among people from different countries, although some people suspect that English will endanger some native languages.  

### Australian People's Physical Activity
- 2019.12.4

The chart compares Australian men and women in terms of the percentage of doing exercise in 2010.  
Over 52.8% of 15-24-year-old men were involved into regular physical activity in this country, compared with 47.7% of women in the same age group, but they saw a different trend with age. The percentage of women increased steadily and peaked (53.3%) for those aged 45-54, while the figure for men dropped significantly and fell to the lowest point at 39.5% for those aged 35-44.  
After the men reached the age of 45, the percentage of those who did regular physical activity increased gradually from 39.5% to 46.7%, but the proportion of women decreased to 47.1%.  
Overall, women in different age group were more active than men, with exception of the 15-24 age group. As people got older, the gap between men and women gradually narrowed. 

### Populations Of Yemen And Italy
- 2019.12.4

The charts compare Yemen and Italy in terms of the ages of the populations in 2002 and 2050.  
In Yemen, the figure of the people aged 15-59 is expected to increase from 46.3% to 57.3%. This age group will also make up with the largest proportion of Italy's population (46.2%) in 2050, despite a significantly drop from 61.6% in 2002. These figures for these aged 0-14 seem to decrease in both countries. The proportion of this age group in Yemen is predicted to drop from 50.1% to 37.0%, while in Italy the percentage drop slightly from 14.3% to 11.5%.  
There are likely to see increases in the proportion of over-60-year-old people. In Yemen, the figure of this age group is predicted to increase to 5.7%, although they make up with the smallest proportion of population. The figure in this age group in Italy seem to rise nearly twofold, with around 42.3% in 2050.  
Overall, the population of both countries is predicted to become older. Italy had older population than Yemen in 2002, and the same is predicted in 2050.